docs: extend documentation about suppression mechanism (#83)
fastify/process-warning: README.md

warning.emit('FST_ERROR_CODE', 'world') // will be emitted again
```

#### Suppressing warnings

> It is possible to suppress warnings by utilizing node's built-in warning suppression mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to suppress warnings by utilizing one of node's built-in warning suppression mechanisms.
```
